Honey, I'm wearing my cousin's wedding dress.
Do you like it?
Aren't you supposed to be picking up the ring?
If I hadn't come back early when I've witnessed this nightmare,
my cousin and my wedding dress with my fiancee, this is disgusting.
Charlotte, when we get married, you will remain my accessory,
and I will continue to have my other dolls.
Also, my company is about to form a partnership
with the infamous white jewelry group,
so you should do your best to impress me.
Charlotte, I do truly love Mike.
I just want to stay in his arms.
What a disgusting pair you both make.
There's no way I'm marrying a man like you, even if I'm this far
into this hell of an engagement.
Nose of our marriage, Charlotte.
So I suggest you behave yourself.
You make me sick.